Cookie Policy of Rapid Silicon
To find more information on California consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy.

To find more information on Virginia consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy.

To find more information on Colorado consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy.

To find more information on Connecticut consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy.

To find more information on Utah consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy.

This document informs Users about the technologies that help this Website to achieve the purposes described below. Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with this Website.

For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate.
For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker. For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker.

Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent, depending on the applicable law. Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.

This Website uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers). Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them.
The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider. Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session.
In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information — such as the presence of other Trackers — in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner.

Activities strictly necessary for the operation of this Website and delivery of the Service
This Website uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service.

Third-party Trackers
SPAM protection
This type of service analyzes the traffic of this Website, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM.

Google reCAPTCHA (Google LLC)
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google LLC.
The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use.
Personal Data processed: answers to questions, clicks, keypress events, motion sensor events, mouse movements, scroll position, touch events, Trackers and Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

Storage duration:

_GRECAPTCHA: duration of the session
rc::a: indefinite
rc::b: duration of the session
rc::c: duration of the session
Traffic optimization and distribution
This type of service allows this Website to distribute their content using servers located across different countries and to optimize their performance.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and the way these services are implemented. Their function is to filter communications between this Website and the User's browser.
Considering the widespread distribution of this system, it is difficult to determine the locations to which the contents that may contain Personal Information of the User are transferred.

Cloudflare (Cloudflare Inc.)
Cloudflare is a traffic optimization and distribution service provided by Cloudflare Inc.
The way Cloudflare is integrated means that it filters all the traffic through this Website, i.e., communication between this Website and the User's browser, while also allowing analytical data from this Website to be collected.
Personal Data processed: Trackers and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

Platform services and hosting
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Website, therefore allowing the provision of this Website from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data.
Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.

WordPress.com (Automattic Inc.)
WordPress.com is a platform provided by Automattic Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host this Website.
Personal Data processed: Trackers and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

Storage duration:

_icl_current_language: 1 day
tk_lr: 1 year
Other activities involving the use of Trackers
Basic interactions & functionalities
This Website uses Trackers to enable basic interactions and functionalities, allowing Users to access selected features of the Service and facilitating the User's communication with the Owner.

User database management
This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to this Website, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks' profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving this Website.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on this Website.

HubSpot Lead Management (HubSpot, Inc.)
HubSpot Lead Management is a User database management service provided by HubSpot, Inc.
Personal Data processed: city, company name, country, date of birth, email address, first name, last name, phone number, physical address, profession, Trackers, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

Storage duration:

__hs_gpc_banner_dismiss: 6 months
__hssc: 30 minutes
__hssrc: duration of the session
__hstc: 2 months
hubspotutk: 2 months
messagesUtk: 2 months
Experience enhancement
This Website uses Trackers to provide a personalized user experience by improving the quality of preference management options, and by enabling interaction with external networks and platforms.

Displaying content from external platforms
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Website and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.

Font Awesome (Fonticons, Inc. )
Font Awesome is a typeface visualization service provided by Fonticons, Inc. that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

YouTube video widget (Google LLC)
YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google LLC that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

Storage duration:

PREF: 8 months
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE: 8 months
YSC: duration of the session
Google Fonts (Google LLC)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google LLC that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

Measurement
This Website uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service.

Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.

Google Analytics (Google LLC)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out.

Storage duration:

AMP_TOKEN: 1 hour
_ga: 2 years
_gac*: 3 months
_gat: 1 minute
_gid: 1 day
HubSpot Analytics (HubSpot, Inc.)
HubSpot Analytics is an analytics service provided by HubSpot, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out .

Storage duration:

__hs_gpc_banner_dismiss: 6 months
__hssc: 30 minutes
__hssrc: duration of the session
__hstc: 2 years
hubspotutk: 2 years
messagesUtk: 2 years
Wordpress Stats (Automattic Inc.)
Wordpress Stats is an analytics service provided by Automattic Inc.
Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

Storage duration:

tk_tc: duration of the session
How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent
There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant:

Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers.

Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available.

It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent.

Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history.

With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.

Locating Tracker Settings
Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses:

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Microsoft Edge
Brave
Opera
Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings and look for the relevant setting).

Consequences of denying consent
Users are free to decide whether or not to grant consent. However, please note that Trackers help this Website to provide a better experience and advanced functionalities to Users (in line with the purposes outlined in this document). Therefore, in the absence of the User's consent, the Owner may be unable to provide related features.

Owner and Data Controller
983 University Ave. Suite C-100, Los Gatos, CA 95032

Owner contact email: info@rapidsilicon.com

Since the use of third-party Trackers through this Website cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document.

Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by this Website.

Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.

Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Website (or third-party services employed in this Website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.

User
The individual using this Website who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.

Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.

Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.

Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Website.

This Website (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.

Service
The service provided by this Website as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.

European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.

Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.

Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.

Current City
Provides access to the User's current location.

Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).

This privacy policy relates solely to this Website, if not stated otherwise within this document.

Latest update: January 06, 2023

iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
